[docs] Add clarification to struct initialization in previous versions (#10431)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/reference-types.rst

Of course, you can also directly access the members of the struct without
assigning it to a local variable, as in
``campaigns[campaignID].amount = 0``.

.. note::

>     In previous solidity versions, assigments which create memory-structs that contain a mapping

Reviewer: A typo found by the[`chk_spelling` CI job](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ethereum/solidity/10828/workflows/0717982b-b997-44b7-9ece-ee1e37cbcaf3/jobs/524087):

```suggestion
    In previous solidity versions, assignments which create memory-structs that contain a mapping
```

Author: I was a bit surprised by this, my understanding was that when running `scripts/docs.sh` I would get notified about errors like this - I guess these checks are just part of the CI (?)

Reviewer: Yeah, this is separate. `docs.sh` actually does not run any checks (except the built-in Sphinx).

To run it locally you'd need to use the Python `codespell` package with `scripts/codespell_whitelist.txt` like the [CI job does](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/blob/v0.7.5/.circleci/config.yml#L288-L303).

Running it as a part of `docs.sh` sounds like a nice improvement. Docs already have Python dependencies listed in `requirements.txt` so adding another one would not be a problem. I think I'll add this when I have a spare moment. Or maybe you would like to try to submit a PR for that? :)

>     In previous solidity versions, assigments which create memory-structs that contain a mapping

Reviewer: Let's clarify that. The change was made in #9146, which was included in Solidity 0.7.0.

```suggestion
    Until Solidity 0.7.0, assigments which create memory-structs that contain a mapping
```

    like ``campaigns[campaignID] = Campaign(beneficiary, goal, 0, 0)`` were possible,

>     because the compiler would omit the types, in this case the mapping, which are not 

Reviewer: There's a bit of trailing whitespace here and [the `chk_coding_style` CI job does not like that](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/ethereum/solidity/10828/workflows/0717982b-b997-44b7-9ece-ee1e37cbcaf3/jobs/524074) :)

```suggestion
    because the compiler would omit the types, in this case the mapping, which are not
```

BTW, most text editors have a setting to automatically strip the trailing whitespace. You should enable it.

Author: Noted - in theory I have enabled this for my editor.

>     In previous solidity versions, assigments which create memory-structs that contain a mapping
>     like ``campaigns[campaignID] = Campaign(beneficiary, goal, 0, 0)`` were possible,
>     because the compiler would omit the types, in this case the mapping, which are not 
>     implicitly convertible to ``memory``.

Reviewer: To be perfectly clear, the assignment behavior was just a consequence of how such structs worked in memory. I suggest making this note a bit more general for that reason. Here's how I would phrase it:

```suggestion
    In previous Solidity versions, memory-structs containing members of storage-only types (e.g. mappings),
    were allowed and assignments like ``campaigns[campaignID] = Campaign(beneficiary, goal, 0, 0)``
    in the example above would work and just silently skip those members.
```

Author: Yeah, I think it sounds much better like this + https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/pull/10431#discussion_r532090955
